In the last lecture we added a shared module.
Let's now finish this whole module thing by splitting up our routes.
Right now we get this app routing module and then we get the welcome component as well as the off routes
and the trading route.
Now if you think about it the trading route doesn't make a lot of sense here because the training route
should belong to the training module and the off routes should belong to the off module.
So this is something I also want to do now.
I want to put these routes into their modules for the all module I'll simply cut them.
Go to my folder and add up all the routing module Katia's fall.
It's considered a good practice to always put routes into a separate module so named the file off routing
module and this will become a eagerly loaded routing file.
So here I am Engy module which we of course as you know have to import from at a singular core and in
that Engy module I want to set up my routes so I'll add my routes constant which is of type routes which
is imported from.
Angular router like this which is an array of routes and I just cut the routes so add them here.
These two objects sign up and log in component.
We need to import them here.
So we'll add imports to sign up component from the Sign-Up folder and an import to log in component
from the log in folder of course.
Now we get the Router Set up and now we can go to ngi module here and add imports and import the router
module which is coming from the angle or router package too.
So this module and here we don't call for root.
We only call that what's in an angular app and that isn't the routing module.
Instead we call for child and this will then merge it with a router.
Behind the scenes here we pass our routes and then we have to make sure that we export this router module.
And now we can import it into the off Marchal.
So the app not the app to you off routing module is now imported here added to the imports array and
the imports statement is also added pointing to the off routing module file with this.
These routes should still be available globally.
So in our application even though we don't have these routes and the app routing module anymore here
we can also remove the imports of Sign-Up component and log in component.
Now let's compile that and see if this works.
If the app loads and i log out we still can switch between Sign-Up and log in even though we put that
into a separate file.
Now it's worth mentioning that this is loaded eagerly.
So we're not using lazy loading here.
We use for child to add these routes to the global routes set up.
But we're doing this right at the start of the app because of education needs to be available right
at the start.
We now can also go on and have a look at the training component and see what we can do with that.